DOCSP-38165 External release notes for v20240403 (#721)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/release-notes/backend.txt

2024 Releases
-------------

.. _backend_20240403:

3 April 2024 Release
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Apps on the App Services UI home page can now be sorted in alphabetical order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apps on the App Services UI homepage can now be sorted in alphabetical order.
```
